XS✔ ◾ CodeAuditor - Fix broken link (#7956)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/follow-naming-conventions-for-your-boolean-property/rule.md

archivedreason: null
guid: f93e0077-6398-425b-8613-b628e9d69707
---

> Boolean Properties must be prefixed by a verb. Verbs like "Supports", "Allow", "Accept", "Use" should be valid. Also properties like "Visible", "Available" should be accepted (maybe not). [Here is how we name Boolean columns in SQL databases.](/rules-to-better-sql-databases-developers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boolean Properties must be prefixed by a verb. Verbs like "Supports", "Allow", "Accept", "Use" should be valid. Also properties like "Visible", "Available" should be accepted (maybe not). [Here is how we name Boolean columns in SQL databases.](/use-bit-numeric-data-type-correctly)
```

Reviewer: Point to an actual rule instead of a category :)
